Add IME doc (#19506)
pingcap/docs: analyze-slow-queries.md

The log above shows that a `cop-task` sent to the `10.6.131.78` instance waits `110ms` before being executed. It indicates that this instance is busy. You can check the CPU monitoring of that time to confirm the cause.

> #### Expired or Excessive MVCC versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Expired MVCC versions and excessive keys
```

> Too many expired MVCC versions on TiKV or long GC time can result in an accumulation of excessive MVCC versions, which will affect the scan speed due to the need to process these redundant MVCC versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Too many expired MVCC versions on TiKV or long GC retention time of historical version data can result in an accumulation of excessive MVCC versions, which will affect the scan speed due to the need to process these redundant MVCC versions.
```

> If there are too many expired MVCC versions on TiKV, or if the GC time is long, resulting in an accumulation of excessive MVCC versions, it will affect the scan speed due to the need to process these unnecessary MVCC versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Too many expired MVCC versions on TiKV or long GC time can result in an accumulation of excessive MVCC versions, which will affect the scan speed due to the need to process these redundant MVCC versions.
```

...
```

> TiDB v8.5.0 introduces the in-memory engine feature, which can accelerate this type of slow query. Refer to [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB v8.5.0 introduces the TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine feature, which can accelerate this type of slow query. For more information, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md).
```

> TiDB v8.5.0 introduces the TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine feature, which can accelerate this type of slow query. For more information, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB v8.5.0 introduces the TiKV MVCC in-memory engine feature, which can accelerate this type of slow query. For more information, see [TiKV MVCC In-Memory Engine](/tikv-in-memory-engine.md).
```
